In medicine today.
technologies like
artificial intelligence
have pretty much taken over.
Is fluconazole contraindicated
with olanzapine and sotalol?
Fluconazole is contraindicated.
Mr. Miller. I realized
fluconazole will interact
with your other meds.
I'll find an alternative.
I don't know how doctors keep
all that stuff in their head.
I know. it's crazy.
Would you like to know more
about fluconazole?
I already handled that. Nurse.
It seemed like AI had answers
for everything around here.
Except maybe those two.
- I really like your clogs.
- Oh. thanks.
Uh. yeah.
they're prescription.
Um. I-I have
unusually flat feet.
which makes. um.
buying shoes difficult.
but it saved
all the men in my family
from going off to war.
Oh.
Sorry. man.
He got away from me.
You're welcome.
She didn't want to
hear about your feet. man.
Maybe AI would never
figure out human love.
Or maybe it could.
Estelle. I was thinking
Italian tonight.
What movie pairs well
with pasta?
Fun idea.
I know you love Stanley Tucci's
performance in Big Night.
I do love the Tuch.
You know me so well.
Yeah. I do.
- Buddy.
- What?
Maybe it's time
for you to start dating.
That's not normal.
But Estelle always
agrees with me
and laughs at all my jokes.
-Estelle? You named it?
-Yeah.
I have a chatbot lover myself.
Katniss and I are going
to a wine bar she recommended.
You're right.
That's not normal.
-I gotta get back out there.
-My man.
There's nothing like
a pep talk from a friend
to get you back in the game.
I had a solid five-year run
of dating older men.
but they kept dying.
and I had to spend
six months in court
proving I'm not a black widow.
-Oh.
-So.
when are you getting
back out there. girl?
I'm not. I mean.
I tried with Dr. Chapstick.
but then it hit me.
Maybe sex is overrated.
Okay. so. um. you don't wanna
meet my boyfriend's grandson?
I'm just not excited
about starting over
at this point in my life.
It's too late.
Honestly...
...I am just happier cozied up
under a blanket here with you.
Aw. Well. I'm flattered.
and I did experiment
in college.
- but that's not
what this room is for.
Oh. break's over. Get out
or I'll have to write you up.
I'm nervous.
You know. I haven't
been with anyone since Elliot.
It's like I'm doing this
for the first time.
You are.
You're a divorce virgin.
Yes. sir!
We gonna be back in the club
just like in the old days!
Oh. my God.
Your dads are so cool.
You're my best friend.
and I love you.
but maybe I don't need
to have sex anymore.
Are you wearing cologne?
You smell like a bottle
of Drakkar Noir that got
stuffed into a sock drawer.
I'll have you know
this is vintage Drakkar
from an ad insert
I found in a 1997 Maxim.
Okay. he won that one.
Hmm.
Why are you always
giving him a hard time?
-He got the job. you didn't.
Get over it.
-No.
What happened to you. man?
I mean. before he got here.
you and I were friends.
We were in a bowling league
together. Kevin.
And when J.D. falls.
we shall bowl again.
My boy ain't gonna fall.
Say hi to Carla for me.
Okay. Ow.
Okay. so my dating journey
was off to a pungent start.
But hope was around the corner
because hospitals
were incorporating
lots of creative ways
to boost patient morale.
There were artists
to teach painting.
therapy animals.
and this angel.
Hi. you're beautiful.
Playing is great.
Sounds good music.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I didn't hear you.
Yes. a second chance!
I-I'm sorry. I. uh...
I-I was just saying
that your playing
struck a chord with me.
- Oh. Thank you.
- And he's back.
I'm-I'm. uh. Dr. Dorian.
I'm the new chief of medicine.
I'm still getting
to know everyone around here.
Oh. I'm Lily.
I'm no one important.
I mean.
unless you read Harp Weekly.
-I do.
-Oh. this is awkward.
I lied. I've never been in it.
Am I dead?
Is this heaven?
Vivian. are you here?
I'm... I'm kind of
in the middle
of something here.
Let's go. Harvey.
It's not your time yet.
-I see you have groupies.
-Oh. yeah.
let's hope he doesn't throw
his underwear at me.
Unfortunately. for us both.
he's not wearing any.
I should probably
go help him tie his gown.
Nice meeting you.
Keep on rocking
in the free world.
Today's a big day
because Pauline.
my favorite patient with
primary biliary cirrhosis...
Do not write that down.
we're not supposed
to have favorites.
...is getting a new liver.
I'll believe it when I see it
with my own jaundiced
yellow eyes.
If Pauline is skeptical.
it's because she's come
very close
-to getting a new liver
a few times.
-Ah.
Always a bridesmaid.
never a person who went home
with a new liver.
-What?
-Stay positive. Pauline.
I checked with
the transplant team.
and everything is good to go.
Not for the donor 'cause
they're about to. you know.
take him off life support.
But then they'll put
his liver on a plane
and bing. bang. boom.
you're good to go.
Well. it is a 12-hour surgery
and a long recovery.
Mm-mmm.
Or as we say medically.
"Bing. bang. boom."
-Bing. bang. boom?
-Bing. bang. boom.
Nurse. can you make sure
the lab processes this. stat?
The hell are you doing?
-What?
-Oof. that was dumb.
Pippa. check my sugars.
Is that a ghost
or a white boy in my chair?
It's a white boy
who's about to be a ghost.
- It was a mistake.
- He didn't know.
She said it.
It was me. I said it.
Asher. they know.
Save yourself.
You were safe on the sidelines.
-It's all right. It's okay.
-But you just
stepped into the game.
Oh.
Looks like it's time
for daddy to educate two of
his least favorite delinquents.
We don't park our asses
on the charge nurses' chairs.
Please. What are they gonna do?
More like. "What are
they not going to do?"
Oh. it's getting cold in here.
But don't worry. you'll be able
to keep yourself warm
with all of that hot. hot urine
you'll be walking
to the lab yourself.
Enjoy.
-There has to be a way
to fix this.
-Fine. let's try pizza.
Pizza usually
solves everything.
Pizza's fine.
Pepperoni. bitches.
- Hey. J.D.
- Yeah.
Tosh is gonna
get you on the apps.
Okay. no. I did say
it was a bad idea.
It is a lot of
just half-naked women
trying to get a free dinner.
Yeah. and Carla said
I get to swipe for you.
The thing is. I think
I may have already met someone.
See. man. I knew you were
gonna mess this up for us.
She's an angel.
She's a beautiful lobby angel.
The harp player?
- Yeah.
- Buddy. she works here.
and Park's gunning for you.
If you dip your toe
or any other part of yourself
in the dating pool
at this hospital.
he's gonna use it
to bring you down.
Park sleeps with everyone.
He does laps
in the hospital dating pool.
and he swims both ways.
if you know what I mean.
Right. But he only sleeps
with attendings or above.
So unless your harp player
is chief of harp playing.
don't go there. bro.
Yeah. you're right.
Actually. that's good advice.
Thank you. Good looking out.
Okay. well.
if we are back on the apps.
I think with a few filters.
maybe a ring light.
maybe a puppy to pose with.
I think a few seniors would
probably swipe right on you.
Seniors? How old
do you think I am?
-Si...
-"Si..."?
-I think I should probably go.
-Yeah. that's a good idea.
She said "si."
Yeah. "si" was crazy.
Oh. my God. it's happening.
The liver donor's off
life support.
I can't. in good conscience.
fist bump a man's death.
Look. we can stand here
for 20 minutes.
and I can explain to you
the poetic darkness
of working in a hospital.
or you can just blow me up.
Girl. while we wait
for those interns
to get our deep-dish.
how about we dish deep?
-Mm-hmm.
-Now I just saw
your ex-husband.
And. baby...
-You know that harp player
in the lobby?
-Mm-hmm.
He's trying to be
the next thing that she plucks.
When are you
getting back out there?
-Oh--
-It's too late for her.
She'd rather die alone.
Paraphrasing.
but that's what she said.
word for word.
I didn't say that!
I just said that dating
post-divorce sounds terrible.
and I would rather die alone!
Okay. fine. I'm saying it now.
Free yourself. Get out there
and throw that ass in a circle.
- Yeah. divorce like a man.
Be messy.
- Mm-hmm.
-Give us something
to talk about.
-It's never gonna happen.
I'm fine.
Oh. you could
spread that around.
Now. why would I do that?
Don't nobody care
when somebody is fine.
Do two extra-large pizzas say.
"We're sorry."
or. "You guys eat a lot."
and then we're just
insulting them all over again?
You know.
I could've done this alone.
I'd have
the same amount of pizza.
but with twice as much quiet.
Sorry.
I tend to talk a lot
when the person I'm with
is brooding and mysterious.
Were your parents
killed by the Joker?
Because you're really
giving off Bruce Wayne vibes.
There's a guy following us.
all right?
He's gonna rob us.
but he's not gonna hurt us.
Stay calm.
Stop! That's my purse!
Ooh. that's a concussion.
I'm gonna go get my bag
while he's out.
So. Pauline. what's
the first thing you'll do
when you get out of here?
I'll tell you when
they put the liver in me. kid.
If it were me.
I'd get on a plane to England
and take my mum to tea.
Boring.
Mine's much better.
Oh. see? She does have a plan.
Okay. I don't know
about the liver.
but my body is rejecting
this positivity.
Pauline. could you excuse us
for a second?
I'm sorry. there's nothing
boring about a boy
loving his mother.
The organ was ischemic
and can't be implanted.
I can't go in there
for a third time and tell her
it's not happening.
I gotta fix this.
This kid needs to be admitted.
Possible concussion.
Okay. what I'm seeing
is you came back with more work
for us and no pizza.
He mugged us.
The pizzas were also victims.
Oh. my God. are you okay?
-We're gonna--
-Excuse you.
- I'm talking to
my pizza-less colleague.
It's okay. girl.
Girl. breathe. Girl. breathe.
The funny thing about love.
when you're trying to avoid it.
that's exactly
when it hits you. just like a--
- Runaway harp!
- Whoa. Whoa.
-Oh. no.
-I got it.
Oh. my gosh.
-Thank you so much.
-No worries.
I mean. little known fact.
harps are the second deadliest
instrument.
-Second only to the tuba?
-Yeah. how'd you know?
- I got stuffed into one
in middle school.
- My shoulders
hadn't quite come in yet.
Hey. can I ask you out
for a drink. maybe?
Just to say thank you?
-I don't think that
would be appropriate.
-Oh.
The hell with Turk.
She wants me.
Because I should be the one
asking you out.
I am on fire today.
It doesn't look like
we're going to make
our reservation.
Would you like me
to notify the restaurant?
Why are you always nagging me
about being late?
I work hard
so we can lead the good life.
Women. Am I right?
He's dating a chatbot.
So weird.
Can I help you get this
in your car or truck or...
bus?
Okay.
it's your first date
in 20 years.
Just hold it together. Dorian.
Hey.
Thank you.
So. how was your day?
Better now. How are your boobs?
Nope. not that.
- It was great.
I met a beautiful harpist.
- Aw.
Look. you're a guy.
I know exactly
what you're thinking.
You're probably wondering
how tonight's gonna end up.
right?
It's honestly
the furthest thing
from my mind.
I just want to make
something super clear.
We're having one drink.
-Okay.
-And then we're having sex.
What now?
Turk. I really need
to talk to you.
Elliot. my hands are
inside of someone right now.
and not in the fun way.
It's urgent. I need a liver.
This one? I can't do that.
They'll throw me in jail.
Blonde women.
they never think
the rules apply to them.
- Just come find me when you're done. okay?
-  -Okay.
You're chief of surgery.
I need you to help
get my patient prioritized
on the donor list.
You know that's
a complicated process.
Yeah. her MELD score is 35.
She can't leave the hospital.
or she could die. Please.
Okay. I do have
a couple of connections.
Just let me call J.D.
to see if he can help too.
Call J.D.
Hey. you in your office?
Don't be mad.
I'm out with the harpist.
Dating is different. Turk.
Dating is really different.
Don't you have sex
with that woman.
Don't you do it.
Park will have your ass.
He's not the only one
who wants it.
I don't even have
the Drakkar Noir on.
It must be my pheromones.
He didn't pick up.
I know that you two
must be quite traumatized.
Here at Sacred Heart's
Wellness Department.
we have a team of one to help
through times like these.
I'm good.
No. you're not.
You're not good.
You're traumatized.
and you probably
don't even know
where you are right now.
Okay. who is ready
to talk to the po-po?
As in the police?
Yeah. I like to use
a little bit of slang.
But yeah. they want you
to press charges.
I'm not pressing charges
for 40 bucks' worth of pizza.
God. he's so brooding
and mysterious. He's like...
-Batman.
-...Tom Selleck.
Who?
Well. well. well.
I've been looking
everywhere for you.
Okay. So. it's obvious
you know about J.D.
and that harp lady.
But before you come for him.
I want you to remember this.
My wife is a nurse. and I know
you freak-nastied your way
throughout this hospital
and even in some areas
on top and around it.
I-I am shocked. Honestly.
I was simply gonna ask you
for a surgical consult.
Why'd you say.
"Well. well. well." like that?
Dramatic flare. I mean.
what did you want me to do?
"Hey. man.
can you help me out?"
Mm-mmm.
I would love to bust
your boy on this.
but unfortunately
that harp lady is a volunteer.
and there are no rules against
sleeping with volunteers.
A board member told me that
while we were boning
in the shower.
I need to make a phone call.
Oh. by the way.
Carla says hi back.
Look. Lily. I really like you.
You're amazing.
Uh. it's just
that I'm the chief of medicine.
Yeah. you are. And when
we get back to my place...
I'm the chief of medicine.
- Wow.
-  And as much as I would really love to see how that plays out...
- Excuse me.
it's a work colleague.
-Yes.
-She's a volunteer.
She's a volunteer.
You can do whatever you want.
Up high.
Come on!
Well. a promise is a promise.
Let's go to your place.
How did you know
that guy was gonna mug us?
I grew up around
guys like that.
You did?
Because your hair product
tells a very different story.
I'm not pressing charges.
You know. one stupid decision
shouldn't set
your whole life back. Trust me.
Do you wanna talk about it?
That was me talking about it.
Oh. okay.
You know. once people
discover this room.
they're just gonna
have sex in here.
Sibby's gonna be
so traumatized.
Oh. then she can come here.
Hey. Elliot. Found a way
to help your patient.
Yes. I knew you would.
I got her considered
for an expanded criteria
transplant.
Okay. not ideal.
So. what are we looking at?
It's the liver from
a 60-year-old donor who had
a treated case of hepatitis C.
The liver regenerates.
It'll still work. right?
Well. yeah. but who wants that?
I mean. it's like
if you promised me new shoes.
and instead you gave me
your old. mangy-ass clogs.
I've had these shoes
for months.
Heard nothing but compliments.
They're awful. Anyway. Turk.
you're saying she can
have this liver now?
Absolutely. She's a match.
The pilot's on standby.
Well. Asher's mangy-ass clogs
are still better than dying
from liver disease.
so thank you.
I got you.
Have they always squeaked?
-Yep.
-Yeah.
I don't know
what I was worried about.
I hadn't been with someone new.
but it was just like
riding a bike.
-Wait. wait.
-Oh. I'm sorry.
-Am I moving too fast for you?
-Yeah. 'cause I'm just a sweet.
little angel baby.
little harp girl. right?
-Sure.
-Wrong.
Ruh-roh.
That's just a persona
I made up for my job.
Society's not ready
for a sex-forward harpist.
You know.
I used to be so repressed
by that good-girl persona.
I took a Zoom class
on self pleasure.
and when I emerged from that.
I was Minerva.
Divine sex witch. Crypto whore.
Crypto. I've been meaning
to get into that.
Yeah. I'll send you a link
for my webinar.
Okay. Whoa. okay.
lick me like a puppy.
Maybe we could just regroup.
A lot is happening.
Ooh.
What's happening?
Are we dancing?
Just go with it.
- Dip me.
- Okay. okay.
My back's not the greatest.
-First...
-Yes.
...I'm gonna lay you down
on the bed.
and I'm gonna grab
your little butt cheeks...
Wow. Okay. we should probably
develop a safe word
right off the bat.
I'm gonna go with raisin.
Okay. at least dancing's over.
-Choke me. Choke me.
-No. no. no. no. Raisins.
-Choke me.
-Raisins.
Oh. no. you caught me being
a little slob.
Mmm. Oh. Good.
See. now. you even look sexy
holding that slice.
-I do. don't I?
-You do.
-Mmm.
-Oh.
I was lying here
beneath this beautiful woman.
and I actually felt nothing.
Ow!
I felt that.
Okay. listen.
This has been a lovely night.
and you've given me a whole lot
of things to google.
but I think I need a ride home.
Are you serious?
I paid for your drink.
You're not even gonna doink me?
I can Venmo you. I...
-It was $19.
-I-I-I'm good for it.
I'm a doctor.
You're such
a frigid little hoe.
I'm really sorry
about this.
It's just the last time
I was with someone.
it really meant something.
and I know after a divorce.
guys are supposed to go out
and hook up like crazy.
but I think I just need
a little time to figure out
what I actually want.
Are you mad?
No.
Okay. so. I lost the good liver
and now my only choice
is from an old hep-C guy?
I know it's not the news
you wanted. and yes.
it's a harder road.
but it's the only one
in front of you.
- Maybe it's just
too late for me.
I'm really tired.
I get it.
We'll give you some time.
Okay. time's up. You're taking
the damn liver. Pauline.
This is
your second chance at life.
and maybe it's not perfect.
And maybe you're older
and you're tired
and you're self-conscious
about your neck.
and maybe you don't want
to hear about how golf
changed some guy's life.
Why are you taking notes?
What I'm trying to say is.
it's not too late for you
to have a great life.
- Please. don't deny
yourself this chance.
Yes. embrace life.
Take the liver.
Eat dessert first!
Ask out a colleague!
Asher. I'm glad
you're inspired. but I'm gonna
need Pauline's answer.
Look. man. you should give
this guy a call. all right?
He runs a program.
That program is the only reason
why I'm standing here now.
as a doctor.
Keep your head on straight.
you know?
It's been a long night.
but nothing that requires me
to sit.
Um...
Dr.
Park. why is sitting in that chair some big unspoken rule?
Yeah. I don't really talk
to interns after 7:00 p.m.
But if you must know.
every single nurse
in this building does way more
than they're ever gonna
tell you or me.
That is the real unspoken part.
Estelle. what pairs well
with a baked ziti for one?
Sounds delicious.
I think you'd enjoy a Chianti
and Under the Tuscan Sun.
You so get me.
In the hospital.
we have all the technology
in the world.
but it's impossible
to see what's really
in people's hearts.
Yeah. man.
It's gonna be all right.
Whether it's a part of them
they'd rather keep hidden...
or feelings
they're too afraid to share.
Hey. Just tell her.
She'd be crazy to say no.
I've got to get back to work.
Adopt a dog.
-Sorry?
-That's the first thing I'd do
when I get out of here.
You asked.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Only the heart knows
when it's ready
to let someone in again.
Thanks for getting it
here safely.
No problem. Is there any place
to grab a coffee around here?
Yeah. I can show you.
But sometimes
the heart just needs
a little more time to heal.
See. I don't need
to be out there dating.
All I need is
two cozy weighted blankets.
a good movie.
and my best friend.
I have to buy a white dress.
- J.D.. this movie's
really good.
Don't tell Carla.
She's been begging me
to watch this for years.
Look at Diane Lane.
-She fine.
-Absolutely glowing.
I wonder
what her skin-care routine is.
'cause I've been so dry
in my T-zone.
This is when you say.
"Oh. come on. J.D..
your T-zone is fire."
Yeah. we're both
a bit tuckered out.
-No.
-Yeah. that felt like too much.